---
author: Jose Sanchez
title: 2025
description: A brief
pubDatetime: 2025-03-10T13:22:00Z
modDatetime: 2024-03-11T20:52:47.00Z
slug: 2025
featured: false
draft: true
tags:
  - self
---

## Table of contents

## 2025
> An unexamined life is not worth living - Aristotle

There's a conception that putting a lot of effort into anything will guarantee you success on that or many things, which I could be rational and think is correct.

The main attribute is this quote:
> “Nothing in the world is worth having or worth doing unless it means effort, pain, difficulty… I have never in my life envied a human being who led an easy life. I have envied a great many people who led difficult lives and led them well.” ― Theodore Roosevelt 

There are many quotes that are interpretations or adaptations in different circumstances that make something that requires effort become hard work.
> "Anything can happen with hard work and dedication" - Jerry West

> "Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work." - Stephen King

> "The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle." - Steve Jobs

> "Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill

However, _smart_ _work_ should not be missed. As the examples of leaders in finance, venture capital, and startups demonstrate, leveraging intelligence, strategy, and efficiency can be powerful complements to hard work. Figures like Larry Fink, Jamie Dimon, Peter Thiel, and Mark Zuckerberg have all achieved remarkable success, but they have likely balanced their tireless efforts with a keen understanding of how to work smarter, not just harder.

> “We have two lives, and the second begins when we realize we only have one.” ― Confucius  
